Add notes about debugging HA in Dev Container (#1469)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/development_environment.mdx

When a task is currently running (like `Preview` for the docs), it can be restarted by opening the command palette and selecting `Tasks: Restart Running Task`, then select the task you want to restart.

> ### Debugging with Visual Studio Code
> If the Dev Container was setup correctly - it supports debugging by default, out-of-the-box. It provides the necessary debug configurations, so hitting F5 should launch Home Assistant and any breakpoints put in the code should be triggered and the debugger should stop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Debugging with Visual Studio Code

If the Dev Container was set up correctly - it supports debugging by default, out-of-the-box. It provides the necessary debug configurations, so hitting F5 should launch Home Assistant. Any breakpoints put in the code should be triggered, and the debugger should stop. 
```

> It is also possible to debug a remote Home Assistance instance (e.g. productive instance) by following the procedure described [here](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/debugpy/). This way may also be used as a workaround in case of issues with the default debug provided by the Dev Container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to debug a remote Home Assistance instance (e.g., productive instance) by following the procedure described [here](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/debugpy/).
```
